Make a script that can read FNF song chart .json files and play the notes accordingly.

Depending on which FNF chart type is selected from the following options, will determine how the script reads the chart (You may need to use the original script for selecting the file type, controls, and other settings while having different files for the chart reader types)
Refer to the "Chart Types" folder for examples of each chart type.
The FNF chart types that can selected will be:
FNF (Base Game)
Matt
Dustin
Doors
That will be all for now, but I will be adding more FNF chart types in the future.

There will be several different settings that could be adjusted within the main file, such as the controls, which note lanes to use, which special notes to hit and to not hit, if the song uses multikey (more than the default of 4 keys), and more.
First, it should ask the user what FNF chart type the song is.
Second, ask for the file location of the FNF chart file so it could read the file, or just ask for the file name IF the file is located within the same folder as the script.
Third, it should ask how many keys the player will use.
Fourth, it should ask which note lanes to use (this could be called the strumline).
Fifth, it should ask what controls to use for each key.
Sixth, it should detect what special notes are in the song and ask for each one if they should be hit or not.
Seventh, it should ask for what other mechanics are in the song other than the special notes and what key to press for them, but if they give "empty" as the key then that means the mechanic isn't in the song. The player may also need to say where to read these extra mechanics. Known extra mechanics are: most of the extra mechanics use they space key, 
Eighth, it should ask if it should print out what it presses to the console (basically use "print" and make it say something like "Pressing: <key>" but of course replace "<key>" with the key it pressed)
Finally, after all questions are answered, the script should wait until the key "T" was pressed to start the script, and pressing "T" again will stop it.

Here are some known special note use cases:
bullet notes: always hit them
death notes: never hit them (aka skip them)
poison notes: never hit them (aka skip them)

If you have some suggestions of your own, have questions, or notice something interesting, please let me know